feat: add error handlers (#6)
sarahdayan/browserstore.js: README.md

  remove: key => /* remove data from storage */,
  clear: () => /* clear storage */,
  afterGet: data => /* manipulate data after getting it */,
  beforeSet: data => /* manipulate data before setting it */,

>   onGetError: (err, key) => /* optional. gracefully handle errors occurring when calling `get` */,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  onGetError: (err, key) => /* handle errors occurring when calling `get` */,
```

>   onSetError: (err, key, data) => /* optional. gracefully handle errors occurring when calling `set` */,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  onSetError: (err, key, value) => /* handle errors occurring when calling `set` */,
```

>   onRemoveError: (err, key) => /* optional. gracefully handle errors occurring when calling `remove` */,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  onRemoveError: (err, key) => /* handle errors occurring when calling `remove` */,
```

>   onClearError: (err, key) => /* optional. gracefully handle errors occurring when calling `clear` */,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  onClearError: (err, key) => /* handle errors occurring when calling `clear` */,
```

}

const myStore = createStore(myStorage)
```

## Handling errors

> ### Errors in stores

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Errors in stores

```

> BrowserStore comes with error handling built-in. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BrowserStore comes with built-in error handling.
```

> You can catch every error thrown by one of the [public methods](#api) by defining `onMethodNameError` methods on your adapter.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can catch errors thrown by any of the [public methods](#api) by defining callbacks methods on your adapter (with the `onMethodNameError` naming convention).  
```

> For example, if the `get` method of an adapter throws an error, the `onGetError` method is called. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if the `get` method throws an error, the `onGetError` method is called. 
```

> You can [create custom adapter](#building-your-own-adapter) to gracefully handle these errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> For example, let's say you try to set a value into the store created from the `localStorageAdapter`, but the `localStorage` is full.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's say you try to set a value into a store that uses the `localStorageAdapter`, but the `localStorage` is full: this will throw a `QuotaExceededError`.
```

> `localStorage` throws a `QuotaExceededError` when it's full, and you try to write data to it. When this happens, you might want to clear the `localStorage` to be able to save values to it again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this happens, you might want to clear the `localStorage` so you can save values to it again.
```

> You can do this by defining the `onSetError` method in your custom adapter, like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can do this by defining the `onSetError` method in your adapter:

```

```js
import localStorageAdapter from 'browserstore.js/es/adapters/localStorage'

const myLocalStorageAdapter = {...localStorageAdapter, ...{
  onSetError(err, key, data) {
    this.clear()
    localStorage.set(key, data)
  }
}}

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
import localStorageAdapter from 'browserstore.js/es/adapters/localStorage'

const myLocalStorageAdapter = {
  ...localStorageAdapter,
  ...{
    onSetError(err, key, data) {
      this.clear()
      this.set(key, data)
    }
  }
}
```
```
